MORNING CHALLENGE
QUESTION 1:Explain the following agile methodologies Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming.
ANSWER:
SCRUM 
Scrum is a project management framework that is applicable to any project with aggressive deadlines, complex requirements and a degree of uniqueness. 
Kanban
Kanban is a popular framework used to implement agile software development. It requires real-time communication of capacity and full transparency of work. Work items are represented visually on a kanban board, allowing team members to see the state of every piece of work at any time.
Extreme Programming
Extreme Programming (XP) is an agile project management methodology that supports frequent releases in short development cycles to improve software quality and allow developers to respond to changing customer requirements.

QUESTION 2:Who are the members of an agile team and what are their roles?
ANSWER:
Scrum master
 This scrum team member is responsible for supporting the development team, clearing organizational roadblocks, and keeping processes true to agile principles.
Development team 
The people who create the product. Programmers, testers, designers, writers, and anyone else who has a hands-on role in product development are development team members.
Product owner 
This person is responsible for bridging the gaps between the customer, business stakeholders, and the development team.
Stakeholders 
A stakeholder is anyone with an interest in the project. Stakeholders are not ultimately responsible for the product, but they provide input and are affected by the project’s outcome. The group of stakeholders is diverse and can include people from different departments, or even different companies.
Agile mentor
Someone who has experience implementing agile projects and can share that experience with a project team. A mentor is a great idea for any area in which you want to develop new expertise. The agile mentor can provide valuable feedback and advice to new project teams and project teams that want to perform at a higher level.

QUESTION 3:List 5 Project Management Tools
ANSWER: Git, Github, Trello, IDE, Microsoft Teams
QUESTION 4: List the Phases of Software Development Life Cycle.
ANSWER:
Planning 
Analysis 
Design 
Development and Implementation
Testing and Deployment
Maintenance.

 
 


 


